README.md, before:

# 🎯 Drag & Drop Task Manager (Mini Trello)
A simple, sleek task management program that puts the might of drag-and-drop ordering into your day-to-day routine. Designed with efficiency and ease in mind, this program lets you create, structure, and follow tasks through various levels of completion. Its elegant interface and seamless animations make it a pleasure to manage your tasks.

<div align="center">

![Task Manager Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Task%20Manager-1.0.0-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

A modern, intuitive task management application with drag-and-drop functionality, inspired by Trello.

[Demo](#) • [Features](#features) • [Installation](#installation) • [Usage](#usage) • [Contributing](#contributing)

</div>

## ✨ Features

### Core Functionality
- 📋 Create, manage, and organize tasks with ease
- 🎨 Three priority levels (Low, Medium, High) with visual indicators
- 🔄 Drag & drop tasks between status columns
- 📱 Fully responsive design for all devices
- 💾 Automatic data persistence using localStorage
- 🔍 Real-time task search functionality
- 📊 Progress tracking with visual indicators

### User Experience
- 🎭 Smooth animations and transitions
- 💫 Visual feedback during drag operations
- 🌈 Modern glass morphism design
- ⚡ Fast and responsive interface
- 🎨 Color-coded priority levels
- 📊 Task counters for each column

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Text editor (VS Code recommended)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Thefaizanhassan/task-manager.git
cd task-manager
```

2. Open the project:
```bash
# Using VS Code
code .

# Or simply open index.html in your browser
```

## 🎮 Usage

### Creating Tasks
1. Enter task description in the input field
2. Select priority level (Low/Medium/High)
3. Click "Add Task" or press Enter

### Managing Tasks
- **Move Tasks**: Drag and drop between columns
- **Delete Tasks**: Click the delete button on any task
- **Search Tasks**: Use the search bar to filter tasks
- **Track Progress**: Monitor completion with the progress bar

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
task-manager/
├── 📁 css/
│   ├── styles.css          # Tailwind CSS styling
│   └── additional-styles.css # Custom CSS
├── 📁 js/
│   └── script.js          # Core functionality
├── 📄 index.html         # Main HTML file
└── 📄 README.md         # Documentation
```

## 🎨 Customization

### Styling
Modify `css/styles.css` or `css/additional-styles.css` to customize:
- Color schemes
- Animations
- Layout
- Typography

### Configuration
Adjust `js/script.js` to modify:
- Default settings
- Column behavior
- Storage options
- Drag & drop functionality

## 🔧 Technical Details

### Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - Structure & Drag and Drop API
- **CSS3** - Styling & Animations
- **JavaScript** - Core functionality
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling
- **LocalStorage API** - Data persistence

### Browser Support
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## 🛣️ Roadmap

### Upcoming Features
- [ ] Task editing functionality
- [ ] Due dates and reminders
- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Cloud storage integration
- [ ] Collaborative features
- [ ] Dark mode support
- [ ] Custom labels and categories
- [ ] Task statistics and analytics

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is freely available for anyone to use, modify, and distribute. No formal license is currently applied. However, attribution to the original author (Faizan Hassan) is appreciated when reusing or sharing this code.

Feel free to:
- ✅ Use the code for personal and commercial projects
- ✅ Modify and adapt the code
- ✅ Share and distribute the code
- ✅ Include the code in your own projects

A simple credit or link back to this repository is welcome but not required.

## 📞 Support

Having issues? Let us know:
- 🐛 [Submit a bug report](https://github.com/thefaizanhassan/task-manager/issues)
- 💡 [Request a feature](https://github.com/thefaizanhassan/task-manager/issues)
- 📧 [Contact us](mailto:thefaizanhassan@gmail.com)

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ by [Faizan Hassan]
</div>

Commit message:

Updated the README.md file and Added Demo screenshot of the project

README.md, after:

# 🎯 Drag & Drop Task Manager (Mini Trello)
A simple, sleek task management program that puts the might of drag-and-drop ordering into your day-to-day routine. Designed with efficiency and ease in mind, this program lets you create, structure, and follow tasks through various levels of completion. Its elegant interface and seamless animations make it a pleasure to manage your tasks.

<div align="center">

![Task Manager Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Task%20Manager-1.0.0-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

A modern, intuitive task management application with drag-and-drop functionality, inspired by Trello.

![Screenshot](screenshots/demo.png)

[Demo](#) • [Features](#features) • [Installation](#installation) • [Usage](#usage) • [Contributing](#contributing)

</div>

## 💡 Key Benefits
- **Simple & Intuitive**: Get started in seconds with no learning curve
- **No Installation Required**: Works directly in your browser
- **Free & Open Source**: Use and modify as you need
- **Privacy-Focused**: All data stored locally in your browser

## ✨ Features

### Core Functionality
- 📋 Create, manage, and organize tasks with ease
- 🎨 Three priority levels (Low, Medium, High) with visual indicators
- 🔄 Drag & drop tasks between status columns
- 📱 Fully responsive design for all devices
- 💾 Automatic data persistence using localStorage
- 🔍 Real-time task search functionality
- 📊 Progress tracking with visual indicators

### User Experience
- 🎭 Smooth animations and transitions
- 💫 Visual feedback during drag operations
- 🌈 Modern glass morphism design
- ⚡ Fast and responsive interface
- 🎨 Color-coded priority levels
- 📊 Task counters for each column

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Text editor (VS Code recommended)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Thefaizanhassan/task-manager.git
cd task-manager
```

2. Open the project:
```bash
# Using VS Code
code .

# Or simply open index.html in your browser
```

## 🎮 Usage

### Creating Tasks
1. Enter task description in the input field
2. Select priority level (Low/Medium/High)
3. Click "Add Task" or press Enter

### Managing Tasks
- **Move Tasks**: Drag and drop between columns
- **Delete Tasks**: Click the delete button on any task
- **Search Tasks**: Use the search bar to filter tasks
- **Track Progress**: Monitor completion with the progress bar

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
task-manager/
├── 📁 css/
│   ├── styles.css          # Tailwind CSS styling
│   └── additional-styles.css # Custom CSS
├── 📁 js/
│   └── script.js          # Core functionality
├── 📄 index.html         # Main HTML file
└── 📄 README.md         # Documentation
```

## 🎨 Customization

### Styling
Modify `css/styles.css` or `css/additional-styles.css` to customize:
- Color schemes
- Animations
- Layout
- Typography

### Configuration
Adjust `js/script.js` to modify:
- Default settings
- Column behavior
- Storage options
- Drag & drop functionality

## 🔧 Technical Details

### Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - Structure & Drag and Drop API
- **CSS3** - Styling & Animations
- **JavaScript** - Core functionality
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling
- **LocalStorage API** - Data persistence

### Browser Support
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## 🛣️ Roadmap

### Upcoming Features
- [ ] Task editing functionality
- [ ] Due dates and reminders
- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Cloud storage integration
- [ ] Collaborative features
- [ ] Dark mode support
- [ ] Custom labels and categories
- [ ] Task statistics and analytics

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 License

This project is freely available for anyone to use, modify, and distribute. No formal license is currently applied. However, attribution to the original author (Faizan Hassan) is appreciated when reusing or sharing this code.

Feel free to:
- ✅ Use the code for personal and commercial projects
- ✅ Modify and adapt the code
- ✅ Share and distribute the code
- ✅ Include the code in your own projects

A simple credit or link back to this repository is welcome but not required.

## 📞 Support

Having issues? Let us know:
- 🐛 [Submit a bug report](https://github.com/thefaizanhassan/task-manager/issues)
- 💡 [Request a feature](https://github.com/thefaizanhassan/task-manager/issues)
- 📧 [Contact us](mailto:thefaizanhassan@gmail.com)

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://github.com/thefaizanhassan">Faizan Hassan</a>
</div>
